Lord
Can these people be handed over to us?
Whatever we are, how dare you?
What the hell
You have no mana
You are a fart fairy
Brothers, give it to me.
I have endured you for a long time
You
Don't slap in the face, don't slap in the face
The legendary immortal actually
Go away go away go away
It is not advisable to stay here long
Run away
In this person
We're not even normal people.
I'm going to inform the ancestors
Can't you just let it go?
Go go
Don't stop
Did I let you go?
Yang Fan, I admit that we underestimated you.
But if you want to kill them all
Aren't you afraid that our ancestors will be angry?
I said, even if your ancestors come
I have to kneel here to avoid you
Do you really think you have cultivated the God's Stone?
Can you be lawless?
It seems that you are still stubborn
Most of the red is there.
Keep beating
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey.
Where is the emperor going, hahahaha?